README.md, before:

# myCruddyApp
CrUD Create Update Delete App


Goals:

- [x] Input form with single text input
- [x] click handler to capture data in text form field
- [x] helper utilities to read and write to local storage
- [x] Make it handle code! (use a textarea instead of a text)
- [x] Have two fields, one is a short name the other is the snippet
- [x] going to store the name and code inside localStorage
- [x] display all snippets
- [x] search for a snippet using the name
- [x] protect entries from being made if fields are blank
- [x] display warning alert for attempting blank entry
- [x] display success alert for successful entry
- [x] delete entries
- [x] populate dropdown menu on click
- [x] select from dropdown
- [x] additional fields added for vsCode.json snippet generation
- [x] additional right slateSpan added for vsCode.json snippet generation

- [ ] transformation template for code snippet
- [ ] button for transforming the clicked on code snippet
- [ ] keyup hottransformation into vsCode snippet syntax

- [ ] right click for copy of code transform
- [ ] formatting upgrade
- [ ] UI styling
- [ ] storage of json version and regular snippet (active|inactive~&~json|code~&~name)
- [ ] delete version of regular snippet (active|inactive~&~)

Commit message:

readme updated for part two

README.md, after:

# myCruddyApp
CrUD Create Update Delete App


Goals:

# Part One+
- [x] Input form with single text input
- [x] click handler to capture data in text form field
- [x] helper utilities to read and write to local storage
- [x] Make it handle code! (use a textarea instead of a text)
- [x] Have two fields, one is a short name the other is the snippet
- [x] going to store the name and code inside localStorage
- [x] display all snippets
- [x] search for a snippet using the name
- [x] protect entries from being made if fields are blank
- [x] display warning alert for attempting blank entry
- [x] display success alert for successful entry
- [x] delete entries
- [x] populate dropdown menu on click
- [x] select from dropdown
- [x] additional fields added for vsCode.json snippet generation
- [x] additional right slateSpan added for vsCode.json snippet generation


# Part Two
## Basic Requirements
- [ ] host app on repl.it
- [ ] Expand on the UI/UX making it look like a nice modern web app. 
    - [ ] consistent layout, styled throughout with a 
    - [ ] pleasing color scheme.

## Advanced Content
- [ ] convert to ES6
- [ ] convert to ES6 classes or pseudoclassical pattern

#Part Two+
## Extra
- [ ] transformation template for code snippet
- [ ] button for transforming the clicked on code snippet
- [ ] keyup hottransformation into vsCode snippet syntax

- [ ] right click for copy of code transform
- [ ] formatting upgrade
- [ ] UI styling
- [ ] storage of json version and regular snippet (active|inactive~&~json|code~&~name)
- [ ] delete version of regular snippet (active|inactive~&~)
